greetings friends of youtube and my more than
100 subscribers I bring you this new
video tutorial at the request of a user
of youtube about how to install
real cars in the gta san andreas very
well let's start first go to the link
of the download I'll leave you in the
description of the video when they have
downloaded will be a folder like
this one give you right click and extract here
and they get into the folder
when they are in the folder they will look at two
files the first one to execute is the
dock netflix and they give it like that and it will start
to install but I give it not because
I have it put then they give it to the san
andreas not to install that is the
program to put the cars there
they give so they give to next there they put the
where they have the gta san andreas and
they give it to next
next there you start to install
but I canceled it because I already have it
but you clearly do not cancel it
xd
Now I will show how to put a car
first we open the san andreas mod
install look there is x of we give
click but first you have to download a
I'll leave the link where
download real cars for your san
andreas that error always goes to me but
nothing happens just give him to accept him
we give to install moore here they put
the address of where is your san
andreas
down they put the address where they have
the car
I install this ford mustang that is
of putísima madre xd
we give you to continue
that usually does not happen with other cars
but if you give them this message, give
first there will be a lot of
shit do not touch her and let her continue
here I recommend that you put the name
of the car so they do not get confused if
they want to uninstall very well now that
they did all this I will show you the car
that we just installed the mustang of
67 I will leave you with a card so that
show
hello friends hahaha I will show you the
car that just installed look there
is how nice you have done well Jorge
hahahaha with my power remember that I
I can all jajajaja Jorge and how you want
they tell you x from a call me for me
name daddy chest hairy xd xd xd xdddd
it's okay boy face ass now you
I'll call like that ha ha ha but well what
matter here is the car look how nice
is that hehe good that was all for
today I leave you with Jorge
good friends, I hope you have served them
if they served you little finger up and subscribe
we'll see you later